

1 (A) 以下の英文を読み、その内容を80~90字の日本語で要約せよ。句読点も字数に含める。ただし、"artificial intelligence”は「AI」 (2字)と表記せよ。

In the debate about the future of artificial intelligence (AI), there are two arguments that keep coming up. One is the utopian narrative that claims that this tool is leading us down a path to progress. Whether it in about Al doing repetitive and boring jobs for humans, creating new forms of art and entertainment, or finding new remedies for disenses, these optimistic viewa see this technology as taking us to a higher level.

The other, more pessimistic argument warns against the supposedly dangerous potential of Al. It can take several forms, including the much-repented story about Al replacing people in a wide range of jobs. But overall, the underlying assumption is that intelligent machines are destined to take over the world, and that we can't do anything about it.

The biggest problem with the Al debate lies in the way both sides view technological innovation. They treat technological change as a natural force that simply hoppens to us, like gravity or thermodynamics, which we cannot resist. Both the optimists and the pessimists talk about "algorithms curing diseases" or "robota taking jobs," as if technological change is a one-sided process, which brings either blessings or doom, and leaves humans with no choice but to accept it. However, they both get things wrong.

Neither side does a good job of acknowledging the role humans play in designing and dealing with technology. From the very first time a Homo sapiens rubbed two sticks together to make a fire, technological change has always been driven by human desires. The printing press, the steam engine, social media-these things didn't appear out of nowhere. We designed them and created laws and norms around them. Innovation is not an irreversible phenomenon, either, and previous generations have successfully fought to limit the spread of harmful tools such as nuclear weapons, asbestos insulation, and lead paint, all of which represented technological progress in their day. This shaping of technology by humans is what the Al debate overlooks.



AIが人類の水準を高めるか、人類を支配するかの議論において、両者は変化を自然の摂理だと捉えているが、技術革新は可逆的で、人間が生み出し、制御しなければいけないものだ。