

(B) 以下の英文を読み、下線部(ア)、(イ)、(ウ)を和訳せよ。

I have a hard time hearing men. This is not a metaphor. Many jokes could be made here. Some might say that a diminished capacity to hear a large portion of the global population might have its advantages. Others might argue the opposite. But since my hearing condition is not my choice. I haven't yet gotten to the joke part, or the silver lining part, (ア) <u> because I'm still trying to understand how I could have lived up to now without knowing I had this condition. </u> Early this year, I learned that I have a rare type of hearing loss called a cookie-bite, so named because the audiogram appears to show a chunk missing from mid-frequency sounds. As the audiologist explained to me, most male voices are in this range. The loss is genetic no event triggered the condition. It is simply the way my auditory system is built, likely from birth.

In many ways, my diagnosis was a relief. It confirms my claims of "I'm not ignoring you!" when my partner tells me he's repeated himself four times. (イ) <u> It explains my seemingly irrational frustration with low-talkers, my belief that most men talk low, and that women talk very loudly, which I had believed to be a method of asserting ourselves. </u> 

But here's the most troubling aspect of my diagnosis: I got this far in life without realizing that one of my senses was impaired. (ウ) <u> In many ways, I've always believed that what I lack I make up for with keen observation skills. </u> So how did I let my hearing condition go unnoticed? Did the fact that I went to an all-girls high school help conceal this impairment during my formative years? Or was it that I was raised in a house where my relatively quiet father was outnumbered by women? Or did the life-long lessons to power through, be strong, don't be sensitive shape how I trusted my hearing?
