

(B) 以下の英文を読み、下線部(ア)、(イ), (ウ)を和訳せよ。

Instead of diving straight into why humans are bipedal, using only two legs for walking, it might help to first consider this question from a broader perspective. Bipedal locomotion is rare in other mammals, but (ア) <u> the ones that move on two legs the most, if only occasionally, are monkeys and apes.</u>  Capuchin monkeys gather nuts and rocks in their arms and travel short distances on two legs. Baboons stand upright while moving through waist-deep water. All of the ape species, including chimpanzees and bonobos, move bipedally from time to time.

(イ) <u> The question, then, is not how bipedal walking emerged out of nothing, but what were the conditions in which the frequency of bipedal walking increased from occasionally in apes to all of the time in humans. </u> 

While bipedal locomotion is rare in mammals, bipedal posture is not. Surely, before our ancestors started walking on two legs, they had to stand. Investigating why some living mammals stand may provide insight into why early human ancestors evolved an upright posture, an essential condition for bipedal locomotion.

Many mammals stand on two legs to survey their environment. This behavior is common, for example, in African meerkats and North American prairie dogs. Such examples support the hypothesis which proposes that upright posture evolved in our ancestors as a way to scan the savanna for predators.

The year Charles Darwin was born (1809), Jean-Baptiste Lamarck, French naturalist best known for hypothesizing a largely incorrec mechanism for evolution, proposed such an idea in his book Zoologico Philosophy. He wrote that bipedalism satisfied a "desire to command large and distant view."

(ウ) <u> If that is correct, our ancient ancestors stood to survey the grass landscape for dangers before bending down to avoid being spotted. </u> This may be accurate, I suppose, but why, then, would our ancestors start moving on two legs? If you spot a lion and it sees you, bipedalism would be a much slower way to escape than four-legged galloping.

注
locomotion 運動,移動

