4 (A) 以下の英文の段落(21)~(25)にはそれぞれ文法上または内容上の誤りがある。修正が必要な下線部を各段落から一つずつ選び、マークシートの(21)~(25)にその記号をマークせよ。

(21) Alison Gopnik formed a significant insight from (a) a remark made by her two-year-old son. (a) She believed that babies are smarter than people realize. She suspected that (b) in some ways babies could take (b) the perspectives of other people. In psychology, this skill (c) is described as (c) theory of mind — an appreciation (d) that other people have their own minds and preferences. (d) She believed that (e) children make their sense of the world (e) in the same way scientists do, forming stories or theories about how causes work.

(22) Gopnik dislikes the notion that babies are just imperfect, unformed grown-ups. She (a) sees babies as different (a) and, in some ways, (b) more alert to their surroundings (b) than grown-ups and more active learners than scientists. (c) They are designed to learn about (c) the world around them, not just their own specialty field. Developmental psychologists had believed that children didn't develop the ability to take another perspective (d) since they were about seven years old. (d) Gopnik thought decentering — taking another person's perspective — happened much earlier. But she didn't know (e) how to demonstrate that babies have this skill. (e)

(23) Then (a) came to a fateful day when (a) Gopnik (b) made a fancy dessert, (b) pineapple in kirsch, for a dinner party she was hosting. Her two-year-old son (c) had a taste of it (c) and made a terrible face. "Then (d) for weeks afterward, (d) completely out of the blue, he would turn to me and say; 'Mommy, pineapple is yummy for you, but it's yucky for me.'" Gopnik (e) turned her son's comment into an experiment, (e) the broccoli and goldfish paradigm.

(24) Gopnik gave fourteen- and eighteen-month-old babies bowls of raw broccoli and Pepperidge Farm Goldfish Crackers and (a) had them try some of each. (a) (b) They all liked the crackers more than the broccoli. (b) Then Gopnik's researcher, Betty Repacholi, (c) took a bit of food from each of the bowl (c) and made (d) either a disgusted face or a happy face. (d) Half the time Repacholi made a disgusted face with the crackers and a happy face with the broccoli, and (e) the other half of the time it was reversed. (e)

(25) Repacholi would then (a) put her hand out to the baby and ask for some food. (a) The eighteen-month-old babies would offer the type of food that Repacholi liked, even if it was the broccoli, (b) not the crackers that they liked. (b) The fourteen-month-old babies, however, (c) just got confused (c) when Repacholi showed great interest in the broccoli, and then they offered the crackers. Repacholi and Gopnik demonstrated that eighteen-month-old babies were capable of empathy, (d) but also fourteen-month-olds. (d) The eighteen-month-olds offered Repacholi the food she seemed to like the most. Experiments like this opened (e) the way for psychologists to make (e) discoveries about the way babies think. 

注
kirsch キルシュ(サクランボを原料にした蒸留酒)
yucky とても不快な
paradigm パラダイム(ある領域の科学者集団を支配し、その成員によって共有されている物の見方、問い方、解き方などの総体)
Pepperidge Farm Goldfish Crackers ペパリッジファーム社製のクラッカーの名称